[MAOU chuckles creepily]
Too beautiful for this world.
Hey, uh, Mister Maou?
[gasps]
I didn't see you there, Chi.
What's up?
It's about time
for the big meeting.
Well, team.
We shut down tomorrow.
Uhhh... What do you mean
when you say, "we shut down"?
We've had this remodel
scheduled for a long time.
The earliest we could hope for
it to be done by is mid-August.
I told you all of this at
a meeting weeks ago.
Oh, gosh. That meeting was
when you were depressed
'cause you thought Alas Ramus
was gone for good, huh?
Really?
You tuned out the announcement?
Oopsie.
Wait, what's going on in here?
Are you moving out, Suz?
[EMI]
What are you talking about?
Shouldn't you be
doing the same thing?
[BOTH]
Hmm?
Read this. Refrain
from fainting like Alciel.
"Residents. Due to the
upcoming maintenance,
I ask that you temporarily
vacate the premises..."
Cool, and go where?
We received that
notice two weeks ago.
I'll be staying with Emilia
for the time being, but I--
Did you hear?
We're done for!
[ASHIYA]
Goodbye. Sweet castle.
Ashiya?
[ASHIYA]
Your Majesty. Welcome home.
It turns out I'm gonna be
sorta jobless for a second?
My bad.
[ASHIYA] We received this parcel
from the landlady two weeks ago.
Perchance it contains
some glimmer of hope.
Well, are you gonna
stare at it, or open it?
Ahhh! You don't
know what's in there!
I'm plagued with nightmares of
the postcard she once sent us!
My eyes!
An earthling artifact?
A video tape!
Too bad that tech is
virtually extinct in Japan.
We have no way to watch it here.
So, let's pretend
we never got it.
Y'know, I think my family
still has an old VHS player.
Wanna watch at my place?
Why?
Look, it's the famous Maou!
Be cool, Mom.
We talked about this.
Thank you for having us.
Sorry to barge in
on such short notice.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Emi Yusa.
Here, a little something
to say thanks?
Aw. You're just as sweet as
Chiho tells me you are.
Come in, make yourself at home.
Egypt, huh? She's fancy.
I hear you boys met
with some misfortune.
I'm sorry your
apartment was damaged
Luckily for you,
repairs are always the
landlady's responsibility.
So fear not, gentlemen.
However, you'll need to leave
the apartment for a bit
while mommy cleans this up.
In return, I have
something to ask of you.
I have a niece in
Choshi City, Chiba.
She runs an adorable little
snack shack down by the seaside.
All I ask is that you young men
go and lend her a hand.
Whaddya say?
You can work there while the
repairs are happening back home.
Wha...? But Choshi
is super far away.
If you're interested, give a
ringy-ding to the number here.
You better do
as the pharaoh says!
This opportunity is perfect!
I'm with her!
This solves your housing, job,
and money problems all at once!
Yeah, you're right. I'll call.
[AMANE]
Heyo!
Sorry to call so late.
I just got word from Miss Shiba
that you might have
a job opening available?
[AMANE] Oh, you're the dude
who rents from Aunt Mikitty!
"Mikitty"...? Uh, yeah!
Name's Maou by the way.
[AMANE]
Trust me, I know.
You left me hanging for
so long, I almost gave up!
Sorry. Our communication
had some hiccups.
[AMANE]
I believe it.
Auntie's a crazy globetrotter.
So, you in?
Maybe. I'd appreciate a few
more details about the gig.
I just know it's at a beach.
[AMANE]
You know where Kimigahama is?
Uh-uh. Huh?
[MAOU]
Okay. Got it.
[AMANE] For pay,
how does 10,000-yen a day
plus food sound?
Ten thousand a day?
Sounds great!
How many workers you need?
[AMANE]
How many you got?
Three strapping young men!
[CHIHO, EMI]
Wait a sec.
[AMANE] Gnarly. It's intense
work, so the more the better.
How fast can you get here?
Well, then. That's that!
We'll start working
the day after tomorrow.
On the phone, you said you
were bringing three men, right?
Does that include Urushihara?
Can he contribute anything?
Ashiya and I will have
to cover for "His Slackness."
[MAOU]
I'm home!
Congrats, you dweebs have jobs!
Is that so?
Great work, Sire!
We'll be staying
with Shiba's niece.
There's a beach snack shack.
We'll work there till Bon ends.
A snack shack?
That's perfect for you.
Perfect for us, I hope. You're
working there, too, y'know.
Wait? For real?
I'm not cut out for labor, dude.
What are you cut out for,
eating junk and spending money?
Someone gets me, finally.
It's too hot to
work on the beach.
We're all gonna melt.
It's crappy you didn't
ask my opinion first.
Think of this as a
rehabilitation facility
for your lifestyle.
Perhaps on the other side,
you won't be such a hot mess.
Hop off, robo-jerk!
Everybody here knows
I've never had a job before.
I'll probably just
get in the way.
Mama, you help him!
Nobody bully Luci!
I'll show you guys!
Burger Boy'll look
like a slacker next to me!
Maou was sweet.
He's a good man.
[CHIHO]
Hmm?
What? You should
be happy that your crush
gets the mom
stamp of approval.
How embarrassing!
He clearly works hard.
Plus, he was polite and doesn't
seem to be leading you on.
Lucky me, I don't think
I'll have to worry one bit.
Huh? Worry about what?
When you first heard
about the trip to Choshi,
you seemed uneasy
about this Urushihara guy,
your scrunched up
forehead gave it away.
Just so we're clear.
If you ask for permission
to go with those boys,
my answer isn't going to be yes.
All right. I thought so.
But y'know,
I liked that Emi girl, also.
If you went with her and
promised me you'd be safe,
I think I could be
convinced pretty easily.
[SUZUNO]
You were very cooperative
with the Devil today.
I don't want them
to get desperate.
Who knows what crazy stunt
they might pull under pressure?
Let's not forget,
Lucifer has a history of
wreaking havoc in Japan.
Ah, understood. Should we
attempt to follow them?
Choshi is far.
If they start any trouble, we
couldn't reach them quickly.
[EMI]
You're right.
But something tells me
they won't act up
in a place associated
with their landlady.
They don't want
to burn that bridge.
Huh?
Also, we've gotta think
about Chiho.
Now that she's
associated with us,
we can't just leave her
here to fend for herself.
If we do decide to go,
we should try to get
her mother's permission
to bring her along.
[KISAKI]
Excellent!
That's great news. You go, Ma.
[MAOU]
I'm sorry I worried you.
Hush. You'll come back, right?
Huh?
[KISAKI] You're finally ready
to be my right-hand man.
It'd be a shame to
lose my top employee.
[MAOU]
Hmph.
I promise. I'll be back soon.
[knocking on door]
Good afternoon!
Oh, hey, Chi!
Why're you here?
Hi, Mister Maou!
I just swung by to grab
a few things from my locker.
Ah! Want help?
Yes, please!
Maou!
Well! I bite my
thumb at you sir,
for despite
my magnanimous decline
of Gabriel's appetizing
offer of partnership,
you failed to warn me that your
establishment would be closing,
therefore cloistering
my love away!
Take a chill pill
and repeat that part about
Gabriel again please.
[SARUE]
Hmm?
Might I implore you to
show me the steep and thorny
way to heaven over
a plate of Sentucky Fried's
new chicken twisters,
fair maiden?
Miss Kisaki's gonna love this.
Our secret, darling?
Only if you tell us what
happened with Gabriel.
You're starting
to sound like Emi.
Fine.
He merely wanted my assistance
collecting the sacred sword,
and any shards of
Yesod we came across.
The only reason I came for that
damn sword in the first place
was to cover for Gabriel's
unforgivable blunder.
That said, though
I have sword's location,
I didn't have any idea that
Yesod was in shards.
And I certainly didn't know one
was in the form of a bebé!
Forgive me.
[KISAKI]
You two!
Why are you hanging out here,
when you could go home?
Uh...?
The apple of my eye!
I'll give you exactly
ten seconds to explain
why you're holding up my crew.
Just a bit of company
research, nothing more!
You're banned from
our store until further notice!
You think he still knows
where the sword is?
Huh. I guess it's possible,
but that's for Emi to worry
about, and not me.
Oh, really?
The sword's connected to
Alas Ramus now, remember?
You're right. But I'm confident
Emi could handle that.
She's, like,
way stronger than me here.
As the kid's dad, I think you
should be more concerned.
Gimme a break,
whose side are you on?
Nobody's!
I'm only on the
team of getting along.
And us all being
close friends forever.
One time, you told me
that you trust me
and feel like you can
really rely on me.
But I've been thinking,
and I'm not worthy of that yet.
Huh? Why not?
[CHIHO] I'm no great fighter
like Miss Yusa or Miss Suzuno.
And I haven't been
by your side all your life
like Mister Ashiya has.
So now, it's my mission to learn
some stuff that could help you!
So if you're going
to put so much faith in me
to be there for you,
I'll do whatever it takes to
support you the best that I can!
Thank you.
And I still haven't gotten an
answer about our relationship.
Depending on how that turns out,
I might have a duel with
Miss Yusa over you someday!
[sputters]
Huh?
[CHIHO giggles]
That was totally a joke! Kinda.
I'm gonna focus on a weapon
that's uniquely my own.
I wanna be a resource
to my pal Mister Maou,
but also the Demon King Satan.
That's, uh...
Huh? Mister Ashiya!
Huh?
Hello, Sire. Sasaki.
I hope MgRonald's was pleasant.
Nice suitcase;
did you buy that for the trip?
Indeed, I have also purchased
some beach attire and sandals.
The suitcase was pricey,
but I thought of it as
an early investment.
I wouldn't be surprised
if our journey
to restore our magic takes us
overseas in the future.
We'll be ready
when the time comes.
[CHIHO] Maybe there's a tax
write off for world conquest.
There certainly should be.
Speaking of, you guys
trying to take over the world,
what will the rest of our
friends do while you're away?
[ASHIYA] Neither Emilia nor
Suzuno has mentioned it.
I assumed they'd follow us,
but perhaps not.
For whatever reason,
they're being weirdly cool
about this whole thing.
I liked that Emi girl, also.
If you went with her and
promised me you'd be safe,
I think I could be
convinced pretty easily.
Hi, sweetie. Need something?
Quick question.
Can I please go to Choshi with
Miss Yusa and Miss Suzuno?
Oh, cool!
An old-fashioned train!
[ALAS RAMUS]
Choo-choo!
It's just a box on wheels.
The pioneers used
to ride these babies for miles.
You wouldn't get the nostalgia.
We've been here as long as you.
Are you gonna stay here
for two weeks?
Don't you have a
fancy job to go to?
We're taking a girl's trip
for a few days.
Chiho thought it'd be fun
to check out the
Choshi Electric Railroad.
Conveniently, I asked for time
off, 'cause Bel was moving in.
So, Chi. Was your
mom cool with this?
Yeah! I have her
full permission!
We're allowed to spend
three days and two nights
at an inn of her choosing.
She only asks that
we call her regularly.
Simple.
[EMI]
Hear that, King Narcissist?
Our little vacation has
nothing to do with you.
Uh, hello, this is Maou.
We just arrived.
[CHIHO]
Ooo, Nure-senbei!
Mama? What is Chi-mi getting?
Special crackers!
You'd like 'em; they're smooshy!
Smooshy! [giggles]
Hey, Chi-mi?
Can I share smooshy?
Of course, what do you
say we split this batch?
Split sounds good!
[WORKER]
Hope you enjoy.
[EMI]
We will!
Real quick.
Thanks for coming along;
sorry if I dragged you here.
You didn't, it was like,
the perfect offer.
Still, though, I'm curious.
The reason you wanted
to take this trip
has to be bigger than just
being worried about Maou.
We talked with Sariel.
He mentioned that meanie Gabriel
is still trying to take
Alas Ramus away.
And Sariel knows
where the sacred sword is.
I figured Alas Ramus
would be the safest
if we were all together
in one place.
I promise, I'm not asking you
to forgive him and be best buds.
It's just--
Satan and Emilia will
eventually settle their grudge.
But to get to a place
where that's possible,
we must focus on
our mutual enemies.
The immediate threats.
I'm still sorry for being
so presumptuous.
Huh? So you're not mad?
You rock, Chiho.
It's no wonder your
mother trusts you so much.
[AMANE]
Are you Maou?
[MAOU]
Yes! You're Miss Ohguro?
That's me!
Though I'm best known as the
owner of Ohguro's Beach Hut.
Amane Ohguro, here!
Call me Amane.
It's nice to meet you.
You're really saving our asses.
This is more than the three
people you told me about.
Sorry for the confusion,
it'll just be us fellas.
The ladies decided
to follow us here.
[AMANE]
Oh, gotcha.
So we've got your wife, your
daughter, and some gal pals?
You can't help but be curious
about your hubby's
workplace, eh?
Ugh, I'm not his wife!
Like Chesed!
So blue, so blue!
[AMANE]
Welcome to Kimigahama Beach.
Up on the cape is the
Inubosaki Lighthouse.
You can't quite
see it from here,
but Ohguro's Beach Hut
is dead ahead.
It's less populous
than I predicted.
That's because Beach Season
doesn't start till tomorrow.
Tomorrow? That's quick!
[AMANE] You'll only see
surfers out here right now.
Oh, and maybe some people
catching the sunrise.
Fun fact, this is
the first place in Kanto
you can see it from.
Let's go ahead and
get you boys moved in.
C'mon, I'll show you
where you'll be staying.
[AMANE]
Cottage, sweet cottage.
Can't stop the humidity
from wrinkling the tatami.
I tried, so cut me some slack.
Whoa. I wanna be a
shut-in here now.
It makes me happy
you like it so much.
I know you just got here,
but unload your stuff
and meet me out front.
We've got work to do.
It's dirty.
You said the beach
opens tomorrow?
Yeah, I'll keep it real.
We're in trouble.
For someone
who's totally screwed,
she sure does smile a lot.
[MAOU]
Hmm...
It's in bad shape,
but she's paying us a crap ton.
She must get a good
amount of customers.
That means...
Amane?
If we're able to fill
this place to capacity,
could we maybe get a bonus?
[ALL]
Huh?
That'd be tough,
but sure, I'd give you a bonus.
Seems fair.
[MAOU]
You hear that, gentlemen?
We're getting
the full-house bonus!
[MAOU] Ashiya. You start
by cleaning the floors
and make sure they're sandless!
Uh. Yes, Your Majesty!
[EMI] Have you got
anything for us to do?
Huh? You wanna help?
I'm not heartless enough
to abandon someone
in this big a mess.
But you're gonna owe me
for ruining our girls' trip,
If you help us out,
I'll pay you!
[MAOU] Buy this stuff,
but don't spend over 5,000 yen.
Be sure to keep the receipts.
I know how it works.
The name's Ohguro's.
Expense type, supplies,...
Glory!
What a magnificent sight!
The hero bending
under my Sire's iron fist!
Where is Mama going?
Your parents
have to work, child.
Perhaps the sand
can occupy your mind.
Hey, I've got a job for you.
Start by wiping off the dirt.
[MAOU]
Then apply a bit of this.
Whoa. It made the
metal look brand new again!
That's right! Think you can
shine this back to life for me?
I'll try my best!
[MAOU]
You're up, Urushihara.
Cracking the whip on me?
[MAOU chuckles]
I need you to find scissors
and get to work cutting
the foam off these seats.
People would rather sit
on wood than this nasty stuff.
Maximum seats for
maximum butts, you feel me?
Ugh. This better be easy.
Sick skills, dude.
Have you run a shop before?
Oh, no. Not exactly-- Uh?
Hey, Dada! Look at Suzumi!
Oh. Hello there. It would seem
I got a touch carried away.
Wait. Will you make one
of those next to the shop?
Huh?
Wanna see something?
Just hold this!
Whoa!
Birdie says tweet, tweet, tweet!
Huh?
Look! Big, shiny lights.
That's weird. Maybe those are
fishing boats coming to shore?
Creepy. Back in Ente Isla,
fires on the sea are a bad omen.
Here in Choshi, we have a
legend about Mouren Yassa.
"Mouren Yassa"?
The ghosts of those
who have died at sea.
They appear on fishing boats
and try to sink other ships.
Making more
ghost friends, they say.
Supposedly, those lights
appear when they're nearby.
I don't get that trope.
Why would the souls of the
dead wanna come back here
and wreak havoc
on their old world?
What do you mean?
Oops, didn't mean to get spooky.
Well, I guess what
I'm trying to say is...
...don't let that kid of yours
grow up being afraid of ghosts.
Huh?
[distant siren blaring]
Mama's right here.
Don't you worry.
[cries]
That's the foghorn
from the lighthouse.
It isn't signaling
anything too scary.
Just fog?
Yeah, they put out those signals
so boats can stay
safe on soupy nights.
It means the fog must be
starting to form on the water.
Weird.
But it was so clear out
just a little while ago.
[AMANE]
Not anymore.